I began with initializing the project with Vite, creating pure typescript, html/css project. I chose vite due to its fast development workflow (instant update). I chose Babylon.js as the game engine because of its rich library for 3D game development and its relatively small overhead.
I then used claude (desktop version) to go over the task pdf file and create detailed prompt to use in cc (claude code) inside my vs code, in order to achieve a simple initial version. I went on to refine the block design and animations, using blender to create simple beveled cube, and Gemini (Nano Banana) to generate the wood and arrow texture. I then used cc to implement the levels layout system and the ability to spin the whole layout of blocks. Then my goal was to copy the videos as closely as possible so I copied the video level layout, and used gemini to replicate the game ui. Next I thought of ways to make it be like actual playable ad, adding auto play tutorial, the finger animation, +1 currency text effect, background music and sounds, and confetti animation to the win overlay ui, all using cc. Then I went to on to do some refactoring with cc in order to achieve more SOLID architecture and optimize performance, using patterns like object pool (for Vector3), flyweight (material manager), and creating game config for all the constants. Then I used Codex to review the project, focusing on performance, architecture and playable ad guidelines. It suggested to implement auto CTA with timer and idle cue for engagement (animating the closest moveable block), and I used to cc to implement those. I disabled the CTA because of this is a demo project, but in real life scenario I would've enabled it with timeout of 30-40 seconds, and 10-12 seconds idle timeout. 

For level 2 my idea was key-lock blocks mechanic - there is locked blocks that can't be moved until a key golden block is moved. I implemented this with cc, and then refined the design, implementing "denied", intro 'locking' and 'unlocked' animation for the locked blocks and pulsing animation for the key block. I refactored the block class to use polymorphism and inheritance for easier way to add new types of blocks, although for this kind of a project I think it is a little bit overkill. I did it for the sake of the demo and showing clean architecture. I then improved vite config in order to achieve better build size. My current build size is 8Mb, which to my understanding is quite big for playable ad, so in retrospective Babylon.js might be too much on overhead.